hello and welcome thank you for tuning
in to love you at a glance my name is
Carlos Machado and on hisses we're here
today to talk with you and introduce a
fantastic product this is a brand new
DVR actually a 960h and 960h has a
tremendous high-definition capability
yeah as we see here it's so small really
small meaning that this isn't big of me
but I'm only a 5-2 guy I'm very small
you know so put it this way it's a very
small DVR very well designed it looks
stylish and let's check the connections
on the back on this DVR you can connect
from four all the way to 16 channels of
home video you have your HDMI connector
to connect your high-definition TVs your
VGA connector to connect your computer
monitors how your input and output your
network and your USB another thing I was
going to tell you let's bring out a
different DVR this is a compact DVR look
at the size of it whoa pretty small yeah
and then as you see he has all the
features even more this one has HDMI
this one does not so the last thing
about it is that in this new design the
design of it it's very mechanistic or
metallic however you want to call it but
it needs its finest it's silence do you
hear anything no that's because it's off
but it's all that basically how how you
hear it nothing silence alright so now
that we went through this what would I
use for this well this is perfect for to
keep an eye at home on the home to keep
an eye on your summer cottage business
anything that it's important to you and
I would suggest that because it is so
small
really that's right I mean that's how
deep it is that's all white it is small
quiet it is appealing to
yeah you can pretty much put it anywhere
if it's in an office you could put it
right beside you
underneath the monitor if it's a home
you can put it in a bedroom if it's
necessary by the TV you can put it you
can store it away in the closet really
anywhere but I'm wondering I mean with
such great capability how can I access
the information can I do it remotely yes
this video comes with free mobile apps
did you hear that mobile app's meaning
if you have a cell phone an iPhone and
Android Android tablet or an iPad you'll
be able to see your cameras in your
mobile device also you'll be able to see
it from a computer window space and from
a Macintosh as well and now that I'm
telling you this tell me why would I buy
this little thing this little 960h DVR
right so I mean I want to keep an eye on
things I want to keep an eye on you know
as I said the home and at the business
but you know really the reason why I
want to do that is for a peace of mind
so a lot of you that wants to compliment
your peace of mind and we will offer you
a one-year exceed so this is a parts and
labor warranty and should you need
service we have our friendly tech
support people and they do have the
chart but certainly it's a lifetime
service we will provide to you should
you need any any help yeah that's good
and now the good thing about it it's a
968 but not your regular this video
recourse at a 1.3 megapixel resolution
meaning a thousand TV lines you heard
that 1,000 meaning one with please zeros
not just one number and two zeros like
the rest of the cameras you know but now
I'm thinking what type of camera have
the power is a big is a small glacier a
super camera super camera yes let's see
it well this is it
this camera is a bullet camera and this
camera has the capability to offer you
what it's called a high-definition
resolution so most cameras out there
will offer you a 380 TV lines and they
will range up to 700 they will top up at
700 but this one is 1.3 megapixel which
means really it is a thousand TV lines
or 720 people now he's playing way that
of course because he's trying to show
you how durable the camera is this is a
metal metal case metal case means it's
durable it's weatherproof you can use it
outdoors you can install it indoors as
well another thing that I noticed is
that you could do a worm with it now you
could basically install it anywhere you
want in a ceiling on the wall and if you
want to look to your right you do this
now so you rotate the base like this and
then you can rotate the camera and you
have all the viewing angle you can also
rotate this this angle view so you
always cover with this angle angle of
view for this camera another thing is
that the infrared you will be able to
see up to a hundred feet at night well
meaning total darkness just like Batman
you know like total darkness you walk
you fall why because you don't have an
infrared camera as your eyes you know a
thousand feet that's amazing so I wonder
where I could use a hundred feet I meant
to say a thousand feet there's 100 he's
thinking to spacious stairs will be
other anyways it's 100 feet with a
hundred feet a home I can certainly
cover my driveway backyards side of the
house if there's an alley I want to keep
an eye on things make sure that my place
is protected now for an office for
example I can if I have an office
fighted the the parking lot the entrance
the front enters will be fine a
warehouse as well so lots of options
anyways folks this is a wonderful
package this package will protect either
your business or your home or your
summer cottage whatever you want this is
this machine is amazing it's quiet and
because of the no fan it is extremely
light easy to stow away but most
importantly it's a resolution
don't forget 968 a thousand TV lines
that will be the absolute best
resolution that is available on the
market thank you for visiting with us
thank you for checking in at Latvia at a
glance
my name is carlos to shade it he is a
zoo and by the way you can check all
this information out at labview security
calm thank you for watching